Add documentation create/update community providers (#15061)
mistercrunch/Airflow: docs/apache-airflow-providers/index.rst

and with capabilities of being tested by people in the community. So we might not always be in the
position to accept such contributions.

> After you decided that your provider match the expected values said above you can read
> :doc:`apache-airflow-providers:howto/create-update-providers` to check all requisites for a new
> community Provider.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you think that your provider matches the expected values above,  you can read
:doc:`apache-airflow-providers:howto/create-update-providers` to check all prerequisites for a new
community Provider and discuss it at the `Devlist <http://airflow.apache.org/community/>`_

```
